Adds conceptual description to the Access isolation overview page (#634)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/tools/snapshot-and-restore/access-isolation-for-found-snapshots-repository.md

# Access isolation for the found-snapshots repository [ec-snapshot-repository-migration]

> In {{ech}}, [snapshots](/deploy-manage/tools/snapshot-and-restore.md) are stored in a repository. By default, deployments in the same region may have access to each other’s snapshots through the `found-snapshots` repository.
> 
> To enhance security, access isolation ensures that each deployment can only access its own snapshots. This prevents accidental or unauthorized access to backups from other deployments within the same organization.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {{ech}}, access isolation ensures that each deployment can only access its own snapshots, preventing accidental or unauthorized access to backups from other deployments within the same organization.

Any newly created deployment has snapshot isolation set up by default. These guides are only relevant for deployments created before this default was introduced, where deployments within your organization in the same region may have access to each other's snapshots.

If a deployment can access the snapshots of other deployments, a notification will appear in the deployments menu under Elasticsearch > Snapshots, prompting you to set up access isolation.
```
